Updated for 4.40 (#3095)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.40.0
==========
### New Features:

> ** Hybrid SPA is now production ready!! [2920]( https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2920)

Reviewer: the space before the hyperlink can be removed

> ** Hybrid SPA is now production ready!! [2920]( https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2920)
> ** [Hybrid SPA Sample](https://aka.ms/msal-net/hybrid-spa-sample)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Authorization Code for Single Page Applications (SPA) feature is now generally available. `WithExperimentalFeatures()` is no longer required when calling `WithSpaAuthorizationCode()`. See [2920](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2920), [wiki](https://aka.ms/msal-net/spa-auth-code), and (sample)[https://aka.ms/msal-net/hybrid-spa-sample].
```

** Allow POP token envelope to be created externally [3059](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3059)

> ** Remove obsolete MATS telemetry. [3043](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3043)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Remove obsolete telemetry (MATS) code** to improve performance and stability. [3043](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3043)
```

> ** Windows Form are referenced only in Desktop [3071](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/commit/c240dad04ead8cb7a729ffcb5d23f0b02bf582b5)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** Windows Forms are referenced only in Desktop [3071](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/commit/c240dad04ead8cb7a729ffcb5d23f0b02bf582b5)
```

> ** Log clarification in several places.

Reviewer 2: What is this in reference to? Add a link to related issue or PR.

Author: There are two places. Added refs

### Bug Fixes:

> ** WAM can hide the windows (account picker and plugin browser) behind the app [2901](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2901)

Reviewer 2: This can be removed. It was fixed in 4.37.

** Allow res:// error pages to be displayed in embedded webview [3083](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3083)

> ** MSAL Logs are not clear when regional is enabled and tokens are acquired from the cache [3073](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3073)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** MSAL Logs are now more clear when regional is enabled and tokens are acquired from the cache [3073](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3073)
```
